How did 15 years go by so fast?
We were so young when we got married.
Maybe too young.
We had so little in common.
When I started studying the Bible,
I thought Thomas would be as excited as I was to learn the truth.
But every conversation we had on the subject seemed to turn into an argument.
Looking back, I really wish I'd handled it better.
As the years went by,
he did become more open to discussion.
But it's been hard worshipping God alone.
Others in the congregation are able to serve Jehovah together
and even reach out for theocratic goals like the School for Kingdom Evangelisers.
Something I would love to do.
Why can't I have a husband who loves Jehovah like I do?
Abigail probably felt the same way.
But with more reason.
Her husband was a bully and a drunkard
and was despised by his entire household.
At that time, many marriages were arranged
so Abigail had very little control over her circumstances.
But her words and actions showed that she was a spiritual woman
who didn't focus on what she could not control.
But what she could.
I determined to do the same.
I meditated on Jesus' words at Matthew chapter 19 verse 6
what God has yoke together, let no man put apart.
To Jehovah, marriage is permanent.
Even my marriage to an unbeliever.
So instead of dwelling on changing my husband or my marriage,
I focused on changing myself.
Thomas does not love Jehovah, but he's no neighbor either.
He is loyal and he loves me.
He is entitled to respect the Bible Command's wives to show their husbands.
So I'm making an effort to be more respectful and loving to him.
Thomas hasn't developed an interest in the truth or started studying.
But I have the satisfaction of knowing my God is pleased with me.
And I have the same view of marriage that he does.